the eid api is available for third-party integrators who want to add kosovo eid features into their own systems. any software — web, mobile, or backend — that has a permanent internet connection can connect to the eid api. that said, the integrator (the company that owns the system or app) must be a legal entity registered in kosovo and have a valid business case in order to be approved for eid integration. the api itself is free to use, but you will need credentials to access it. these credentials are issued by the eid authority after your integration application is reviewed and approved. the first step to integrate with eid is simple: apply. to do that, you need to fill in and submit the api integration application form. inside the form, you will find: the that need to be accepted and respected a (if the application is not submitted by the company’s legal representative) the , which is the contract between the integrator and the eid authority a detailed description of your (how you plan to use eid features) and a description of the where the integration will run once everything is completed and submitted, the review process can begin. application form download the api integration application form to understand more about what would be the conditions that must be respected for using eid features inside your system. download 0% submit application once you filled-in and signed the application form (we accept eid based digital signature), you can submit it to us and start the application evaluation. apply the application form requires you to send some additional information. one piece of information is your logo. please embed the logo as into the application form and . once we receive your application, we will review it. if something is missing, we will be in direct contact with you and we will ask for clarifications. for this reason, please , this is the only contact information that we will be further using for communication with you. if we approve your application, you will have to continue with the development and testing your integration. we will make the following items available for you: the the for using the eid test environment the of kosovo wallet five (5) that you will be using these certificates when developing your integration strong authentication if you want to integrate the feature of strong authentication with kosovo wallet, you will then need to store the certificates credentials in the test version of kosovo wallet api signing and stamping if you want to integrate only the digital signature/stamping flow, you will not need kosovo wallet. integration scope do not forget to mention on the the scope of out integration ( or or both). once you are done with the development, we would like to test your integration. for this reason, we may ask you to provide us with necessary information for being able to test your work. if everything goes well, we will give you the to deploy your integration in the eid production environment. code inspection please be aware that, according to the we may ask you to give access to the integration code and to allow us to perform code inspection. once your integration is approved for production, you will receive the needed credentials for migrating from the eid test environment to the eid live/production environment. usually, migrating to production should not require anything else than changing the test environment credentials with the production environment credentials. this may be one of the aspects that we can verify if we ask for a code inspection. if your integration requires consistent modification for migrating to production environment, you may be requested to re-build it in the right way. redirect uri besides the credentials for the test/production environments which you will be receiving from us, there is one critical parameter that depends on you, the for the test/production environments. please to not forget to mention it in the . once you finalise the migration to the production environment your integration is live. any eid holder can use it. we will continue to monitor your integration just to be sure that everything works well and secure. you can benefit on our support services when needed. api support