getting your eid is quick and straightforward. to obtain an electronic id, you will need to go through the enrollment process at the civil registration offices (arc). for a digital seal, the process takes place at the kosovo business registration agency (arbk). for now, online enrollment is not available. this is intentional, to ensure the highest possible level of assurance and identity verification. during enrollment, a registration officer will verify your identity, collect the necessary data to issue your digital id or seal, and — if needed — help you store your credentials safely in your wallet. the whole process usually takes no more than 5 minutes. to get your eid or digital seal(s) you will need: your card for eid or a for the digital seal a (ios or android) with and an configured and readable from the mobile phone only for the digital seals you need a from a company stating that you are in title to receive a digital seal for stamping company documents kosovo wallet we highly recommend to store the credentials of your eid and/or digital seal(s) in the wallet in order to get access to available authentication services or to other services that may become available in the future. however, the wallet is not necessary if you intend to use your eid only to digitally sign documents. in any case, even if you do not connect your wallet during enrollment, you can use later the self-service portal to connect your wallet to your eid or seal(s). wallet docs wallet site mobile os for kosovo wallet you need minimum ios 13 or android 5.0. the enrollment process will be carried out in several steps: the registration officer , scans and store the pictures of the front and back of your id card (or your id document and the power of attorney for digital seals) the registration officer . you will receive an email and you must open it on your mobile phone. click the link from that email, accept the term and conditions and ask for a one time password (otp). you will receive an sms with a code; you have to input that code into the dedicated space and to send it. once the code is received by the system, your contact information has been verified. contact information once your contact information has been verified, it cannot be changed anymore the registration officer will . you will receive another email with a code protected pdf file attached and a new sms message containing the code for opening the pdf file. the email contains important information about your certificate such as and the . the email contains also a link you have to click to continue the enrollment with the next steps. certificate information you will need the user name, password and emergency recovery code (erc) to access the self-service portal and manage your certificate. we recommend to save this information in a safe location which can be on your phone, but protected by your biometrics or a strong password. certificate information the certificate information is associated with only one certificate. this means that you may have multiple sets of such type of information if you will have a digital id and multiple digital seals. forgetting information do not panic if you forget/lose the certificate information, the self-service portal provides you with features that will help you to recover/change them. click on the link from the last email you received and you will be directed to the next steps which are and to store the certificate credentials into it. read and accept the . set the pin and puk and advance to the or step. if you want to connect the wallet during enrollment, select . connect wallet we highly recommend to connect your wallet during the enrollment process because the registration officer is there to assist you if something does not goes as expected. however, using the self-service portal you can connect your wallet later. the last step is to . you have to click on , wait for another one time password (sms message), input it in the related place and send it back. then your new certificate will be . pin/puk do not panic if you forget/lose the pin or puk, the self-service portal provides you with features that will help you to recover/change them. verify contacts request approved end of enrollment (wallet not connected) end of enrollment (wallet connected) end of enrollment (wallet) modal title info close you can manage your certificate using the . self service during the period of validity of your certificate, if you experience problems, you can always use the . support