kosovo eid is the national system that manages electronic identities for citizens of kosovo. an electronic id is a free digital certificate issued by the government of kosovo, valid for 2 years. with it, citizens can securely sign (or stamp) documents and access digital services that partner with the kosovo eid system. the kosovo eid system brings together a few key pieces: the (and ), the , the , and the engine (or ). digitalni id i pečat dobijte svoj digitalni id i/ili pečat(e) putem procesa registracije i upravljajte njima koristeći portal za samousluživanje. enroll manage aplikacije za potpisivanje instalirajte desktop i/ili mobilnu aplikaciju za potpisivanje i počnite da potpisujete i pečatite dokumente. signing kosovo novčanik instalirajte svoj novčanik (android ili ios), sačuvajte svoj id ili pečate i koristite ga za pristup partnerskim e-uslugama. wallet eid api instalirajte desktop i/ili mobilnu aplikaciju za potpisivanje i počnite da potpisujete i pečatite dokumente. eid api citizens can get their electronic id by going through a enrollment process at the civil registration offices ( ) counters. once issued, the id can be securely stored in the kosovo wallet. in a similar way, citizens can obtain an electronic seal through the enrollment process at the kosovo business registration agency ( ) counters. enrollment dobijanje i/ili zahteva lično prisustvo na šalteru. službenik za registraciju će proveriti vašu ličnu kartu, prikupiti vaše lične podatke i izdati digitalni sertifikat(e) na osnovu vaših ličnih podataka. manage eid kosovo wallet with an electronic id (or electronic seal) and the signing app, citizens and businesses can digitally sign or stamp documents. by law, an electronic signature has the same legal value as a handwritten one. signing potpisivanje ili pečaćenje dokumenata pomoću vašeg eid-a zahteva instalaciju (desktop i/ili mobilnih) i . su potrebne zato što se svaki put kada potpisujete dokument vaš sertifikat proverava u odnosu na nacionalnu eid bazu podataka. signing apps using the electronic id together with the kosovo wallet, citizens can also log in and authenticate to online services — such as ekosova or ebanking — once those services become kosovo eid partners and integrate eid features through the integration engine ( ). eid api omogućava bilo kom pružaocu e-usluga treće strane (iz javne uprave ili privatnog sektora) da integriše snažnu autentifikaciju putem kosovo novčanika i digitalno potpisivanje/pečaćenje dokumenata direktno u svoje sisteme. eid api