the self service portal is the tool that allows you to manage your certificate(s) and to migrate the wallet when you change your device. to access the self-service portal you would need the certificate information that you received during the enrollment process (the certificate user name and password). the self service portal can be acessed from any browser, from desktop and from mobile devices. in the case when you did not save the certificate information, the self . what you need to . using this information and following the instructions . self service self service login be aware that the certificate information belongs to a specific certificates. for example, if you have one digital id and two digital seals you will have 3 sets of certificate information (user name, password, erc). you can see your profile information by accessing the related option after click on the user icon on the top-right of the screen. profile info your profile information is encoded in the certificate at enrollment time, thus you are not allowed to modify it in the self-service portal. the only information related to your profile that you can modify is the password for accessing the self-service portal. profile profile data modal title info close you can manage the certification security information by clicking the option from the left sidebar menu. using this option you can change the pin or puk and you can recover the emergency recovery code (erc) as well as you can unlock the pin in case it was locked by 3 times wrong pin usage. security info manage security info modal title info close you can manage the certification security information by clicking the option from the left sidebar menu. the operations that you can do are: : revoke your certificate in case you believe it was compromised or if you simply don’t want to use it anymore download your certificate: download a local copy of the certificate connect or : connect your wallet if you did not do it during enrollment or move the wallet on another mobile phone migrate wallet be aware that a certificate credentials can be active on a single mobile phone. migrating the wallet to a new phone will automatically disable the certificate credentials on the initial one. be also aware that the . revoke certificate be aware that . you may have to pass again through the enrollment process at one arc or arbk office to get a new certificate. certificate manage certificate modal title info close you can access and download the contract between you and the government for using the certificate by clicking the option from the left sidebar menu. the contract is in pdf format and is signed with the certificate during the enrollment process.